Update reset-file name and path (#1094)
rancher/rke2: docs/backup_restore.md

**Result:**  A message in the logs says that RKE2 can be restarted without the flags. Start RKE2 again and should run successfully and be restored from the specified snapshot.

> When rke2 resets the cluster, it creates a file under `/var/lib/rancher/rke2/server/db/` by name `reset-flag`. If you want to reset the cluster again, you will need to delete this file.

Reviewer: Keep the path in a single piece so that users can copy-paste it. Also tweaked the text a bit.

```suggestion
When rke2 resets the cluster, it creates an empty file at `/var/lib/rancher/rke2/server/db/reset-flag`. This file is harmless to leave in place, but must be removed in order to perform subsequent resets or restores.
```
